---
title: 'Week 2 - Clubs and Socs day | Freshers party |	Google talks'
date: '2014-09-30'
author: socks
tags:
  - freshers
  - clubs and socs
  - google
---

Hello Everybody!

I hope everyone enjoyed the first week back! I know getting used
to those early mornings is tough, but a whole host of awesome Redbrick
events to look forward to might make it a little bit easier eh?

In this weeks announce:

*	Clubs and Socs days
*	Freshers party
*	Google talks

 <!-- more -->

## Clubs and Socs days

So we've an exciting week this week with Clubs and Socs!
Please pop on over to us to renew your membership!
We'd love to see you back for another year! :)

 - Date: Monday till Wednesday (that's the 29th to the 1st)
 - Time: 9-4 on each of the three days
 - Location: We're stand number 15 in the Venue!

## Freshers Ball

For anyone that has been to our famous freshers ball before you'll
know that this is an event not to be missed!
With the committee on hand to chat to, and all our new members to
welcome into the Redbrick family, this promises to be a great night!
Please come along and bring your friends too! As the old saying goes,
the more the merrier!! :)

 - Date: Thursday the 2nd
 - Time: 5:30pm onwards
 - Location: The Nubar (located in the Hub!)

## Google talks

For those of you that signed up already don't forget about the awesome
Google talks that are set to happen!

University Open House in Google's Barrow St Offices.

We've been invited to attend the first Google Tech Ireland Open House:
Google Engineers will tell us what it's like to work for Google,
we'll hear about student focused programmes as well as CV and interviewing tips.

If you didn't get a chance to sign up last week don't worry Google
have more events in store for us!

 - When: October 3rd
 - Time: 2pm-6:30pm

## Google Hangout - Engineering at Google.

We'll be getting people together and getting in some Firehouse
Pizza and refreshments and listening to some Google Engineers from
Dublin and abroad talk about their careers in Google thus far.

 - When: Tuesday October 7th
 - Time: 5pm - 6pm

## Google come to DCU!

- When: Wednesday October 8th 1pm - 3:30pm

We've arranged for 3 talks specially for Redbrick, two of which
are from current Redbrick  members.

### Talk 1:
 - 1pm: "Perspectives on Studying Computer Science" - John Looney (valen)
 - Location: to be confirmed

### Talk 2:
 - 2pm " Systems at Scale: Tales from Google SRE" with AndrewWiddowson from MountainView
 - Location: to be confirmed

### Talk 3:
 - 3pm: Q&A session with Conor Flynn a STEP intern from the PSSD program.
 - Location: to be confirmed

Well that's all for this email!

We're looking forward to seeing everyone at all our events!

Have a great week everyone!

Gillian Morrison
Computer Applications
Redbrick Secretary 14/15
