---
title: 'Week 5 | Screen at Redbrick | Associate talks | Admin talk | EGM and Admin Training | FOSDEM | Social Night'
date: 2014-10-20'
author: socks
banner: fosdemBanner2014.jpg
tags:
  - screen
  - associates
  - admin
  - egm
  - fosdem
  - lotta
---

Hey Everyone!

Welcome to the week 5 Announce! We have lots of awesome things 
happening this week and we hope to see you at as many events as 
possible!
Just to note: Unfortunately we dont know the rooms for the events just 
yet but we will be sending an email with the locations out tomorrow 
morning! Sorry for any inconvenience caused!

In this weeks announce:

 - Screen at Redbrick: Hackers
 - Associate Talks
 - Admin Talk: An overview
 - EGM and admin training
 - Fosdem
 - Social Night

 <!-- more -->

## Screen at Redbrick: Hackers

- When: Monday 20th October at 6pm
- Where: Room To be confirmed.
- Description:

A young boy is arrested by the U.S. Secret Service for writing a 
computer virus and is banned from using a computer until his 18th 
birthday. Years later, he and his new-found friends discover a plot to 
unleash a dangerous computer virus, but they must use their computer 
skills to find the evidence while being pursued by the Secret Service 
and the evil computer genius behind the virus. This promises to keep you 
on the edge of your seat and will definitely be worth a watch! Please 
come along on Monday! We'd love to see you there!

## Associate Talks: Lotta Mikkonen

- When: Tuesday at 6.30pm
- Where: Room to be confirmed.
- Description:

This week we have the lovely Lotta Mikkonen (attol) coming in to talk 
to us about interview techniques and 3/4 project presentation.  This 
talk will be great for everybody especially those of you with intra 
interviews and projects coming up! You should definitely come along as 
she'll be passing on some invaluable tips on acing those interviews!

## Admin Talk - An overview

- When: Wednesday 22nd at (SEan time??)
- Where: Room To be confirmed.
- Description:

This week we will be having the first of our admin talks! It will be 
given by our very own Lorcan Boyle (Zergless). His talk will be an intro 
to Linux command line. He will be giving helpful hints and tips as well 
as some cool commands to help you get the most out of our servers! This 
promises to be a really interesting talk and we hope to see you all 
there. As always, there will be pizza!

## EGM and Admin training

- When: Wednesday (time to be confirmed)
- Where: Room to be confirmed.
- Description:

This years EGM is happening on Wednesday! We will be discussing our 
plans for the year as well as electing new members to the committee. The 
positions that you can run for are:

 - PRO
For those of you that passed the exams you can run for the following:
 - Helpdesk
 - Admin
 - Webmaster

We hope to see as many of you at the EGM as possible!

## Fosdem

So, we're looking at going to the Free and Open Source Software 
Developers' European Meeting (Fosdem for short). It is to be held in 
Brussels on the 31st of January and the 1st of February. FOSDEM is a 
free event that offers open source communities a place to meet, share 
ideas and collaborate. It is renowned for being highly 
developer-oriented and brings together 5000+ geeks from all over the 
world. It is a really cool event with devrooms, lectures, lightning 
talks and cool opensource stuff. For those interested please take a look 
at the link below! We are trying to gauge interest, so if you would like 
to go as part of Redbrick please let us know as soon as possible. It 
will be a fantastic experience!

The website:
https://fosdem.org/2015/

## Social Night

- When: Thursday at 6
- Where: The nuBar
- Description:
After a long week full of hard work we think everyone deserves the 
opportunity to come down to the nuBar for some well earned drinks and a 
bitta banter. We'd love to see you all there!

Well thats all for this week!

Don't forget to keep an eye on our various social media soapboxes:
- Twitter @RedbrickDCU
- Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/dcuredbrick

Till next week!

Regards
Gillian Morrison(socks)
Computer Applications
Redbrick Secretary 14/15
