---
title: 'Week 1 - Welcome Back | Events | Clubs & Socs | Updates'
date: '2014-09-22'
author: koffee
tags:

---

Good Morning from 136.206.15.0/24

Welcome back to our members who are heading into their first day of term!
To those of you who have just completed 4th year and will (hopefully)
be joining us this year as associate members, we hope you have a less than
rubbish Monday.
To our dedicated associates we welcome you back to join us for what will
hopefully be a great year.

Now that pleasantries are out of the way; down to business.

*	Events
*	Clubs & Socs Days
*	Updates


##Events
##When: Weekly
##Where: Various locations around DCU
-----------------------------------------------------
The Committee have been planning long and hard over the summer to try and
line up some interesting events. We've also come up with a prospective
weekly schedule.

   - Monday: Screening of DefCon/ CCC talks in the Mezz.
   - Tuesday: Associate Talks
   - Wednesday:  Rotating Helpdesk/Admin talks.
   - Thursday: Weekly Events: Talks, Parties & Other interesting things.
   - Friday: Chill out in nuBar and the occasional trip into Town for
   InterPints.

   Next Thursday sees our Fresher's Session in nuBar.

We've got a few big events to kick off the year:
Google:

   1. University Open House in Google's Barrow St Offices
   <https://www.google.ie/maps/place/Barrow+St,+Dublin,+Co.+Dublin/@53.3398795,-6.2364612,21z/data=%214m2%213m1%211s0x48670eeb7282cd47:0x44099d1673a54bb6>
   .
   When: October 3rd 2pm-6:30pm
   We've been invited to attend the first Google Tech Ireland Open House:
   Google Engineers will tell us what it's like to work for Google, we'll
   hear about
   student focused programmes as well as CV and interviewing tips.
   --->SIGN UP HERE TO ATTEND
   <https://docs.google.com/a/google.com/forms/d/1NBWChHk4bsnGclhLqC1VqGXdyh4ofVeJWOc2BTUhCF0/viewform><---
   (must be done by 26/9/2014)
   2. Google Hangout - Engineering at Google.
   When: Tuesday October 7th 5pm - 6pm
   We'll be getting people together and getting in some Firehouse Pizza and
   refreshments
   and listening to some Google Engineers from Dublin and abroad talk about
   their careers
   in Google thus far.

   3. Google come to DCU!
   When: Wednesday October 8th 1pm - 3:30pm
   We've arranged for 3 talks specially for Redbrick, two of which are from
   current Redbrick
   members.
   1pm: "Perspectives on Studying Computer Science" - John Looney (valen)
   2pm " Systems at Scale: Tales from Google SRE" with Andrew Widdowson
   from MountainView
   3pm: Q&A session with Conor Flynn (conor_f) a STEP intern from the PSSD
   program.

Intercom:

Intercom are a growing force in CRM; with Engineers and designers coming
from some of the biggest companies in the world to work with them, they're
bound to be doing something right. Some of the Redbrick committee have gone
to see their "Inside Intercom" talks, and now we're bringing them to us. We
have two Associate members confirmed thus far; moju and singer, they'll
coming in to talk about how Intercom runs and their times at the company
thus far.

To get a feel for the kind of company it is check out their blog here:
http://insideintercom.io/

Associates:

So far we've had a huge response from our associate members, who are keen to
share their knowledge and interests with the rest of the society.
Confirmed so far are talks from:

   - Cian Synnott (pooka) - Find some of his tech writing here: emauton.org
   - Diarmaid McManus (elephant)
   - Ciar?n McNally (mak)
   - Richard Dalton (d_fens)
   - Matthew Barrington (moju)
   - David Scanlan (singer)

With many more who haven't been adequately 'persuaded' yet.

This is just a taster of what we've got lined up for the year, along with
the annual Christmas party, Quiz, Tech Week and Super Secret Trip, we hope
you'll enjoy the year.

##Clubs&Socs Days
=When: Sept 29th-Oct 1st
It's that time of the year when we herald in a new gen of members.(Gen20 by
my count)
As usual there'll be Redbrick committee members floating around the Venue,
Giving out goodies and chatting about the year to come to all and sundry.
Anyone can come by and renew their membership over those 3 days.


##Updates
##When: Sept-Nov
---------------------------
Over the next few months the admins, helped by esteemed rootholders, will
be undertaking updates of the whole Redbrick Network.
We will of course endeavour to give everyone plenty of notice of member
impacting updates.
Minimising  downtime is one of our biggest priorities, so we'll endeavour
to make any necessary
downtime as quick and painless and restore services as soon as possible.


That's all until next week.

We hope to see as many of you as possible at events throughout the year,

On behalf of Redbrick Committee,

Richard Walsh
Chair - Redbrick

e: chair at redbrick.dcu.ie
m: +353 857196403
