---
title: {{ title }}
date: {{ date }}
author:
thumbnail: {{ title }}.png
banner: {{ title }}.png
tags:
---

Hey Everyone

Welcome back to all of our members returning to college.
To all our graduands who have just finished 4th year, congratulations!
Congratulations on entering the rank of esteemed associate members.

To all our dedicated associates, welcome back to our 20th year!
The wisdom that was to come with age still hasn't materialized.

We've got lots planned for the year; and we hope you'll join us.

Order of business for the first announce back:

- Clubs & Socs Days
- Intro to Redbrick
- "Bug Bounties: Cad é an scéal?"
- Sign Up for Google OpenHouse
- EGM
- Pycon 2015

==================================
Clubs & Socs

 +Date: Mon&Tue 28/09 & 29/09/2015.
 +Time: All Day.
 +Location: The Venue ( The Hub ).
==================================

 It's the time of the year when we indoctr... *welcome* a new members.
 This year sees us herald in Gen21. (although we need to check with shadow)
 As usual there'll be Redbrick committee members floating around the Venue,
 they'll have goodies and will answer questions about the year to come.

 Anyone can come by and renew their membership or sign up over the 2 days.
 And as usual; if you can't make it down there are plenty of other
ways to renew.

============================
Intro to Redbrick

 +Date: Wed 30/09/2015.
 +Time: 2pm
 +Location: TBC
============================

 The Helpdesk team will be taking a whistle stop tour of Redbrick services.
 The Committee shall also be introducing themselves to the new members and
 outlining the plans for the coming year, as well as taking
suggestions. (inb4 resign)

 Members and associates are welcome to come along, if you have friends
who'd like
 to join, bring them along on the night if they didn't make it to C&S days!

=============================
"Bug Bounties - Cad é an scéal?"

 +Speaker: Ciarán McNally (https://securit.ie)
 +Date: Tuesday 06/10/15.
 +Time: 17:00
 +Location: TBC
==============================

 One of Redbrick's favourite InfoSec specialists is back to chat about
Bug Bounties.

 What are they? Why should you do them?
 Bug bounties provide an excellent opportunity to sharpen your
Pentesting skills.
 This talk will give tips and insight into getting started with Bug Bounties.
 Ciaran will share creative but effective attack methodologies,
real-world examples and tooling advice.

 For more info on Ciarán's consultancy check out https://securit.ie

===================================
Register for Google OpenHouse 2015

 +Date: Friday 09/10/2015.
 +Time: 9am
 +Location: https://goo.gl/IMXW6q
===================================

 Event: https://events.withgoogle.com/google-tech-ireland-open-house-2015/
 Redbrick went along to the Google Openhouse event last year, it was a huge
 success.
 We met other computing societies and likeminded people and learned
 a lot about Engineering at Google as well as learning CV tips and about the
 various bursaries and programs Google Run.

 The Open House is aimed at 1st and 2nd Years primarily.
 The Event itself is on Friday 6/11/2015 from 14:00 - 19:00.
 It will be held in Gordon House on Barrow St. http://min.ie/KVdSLW9i

==============================
EGM

 +When: Wednesday 17/10/15.
 +Time: 2pm
 +Where: Room TBC.
==============================

 It's that time of year again where we look to expand our ranks of the
 committee. You'll have a say in the day to day running of the society.

 Committee positions available
  +Secretary
  +Events officer
  +First Year Rep

 If you want any information on the role or have questions email
committee at redbrick.dcu.ie

===========================================
PyCon

 +Date: Sat&Sun 24/10 - 25/10/2015.
 +Location: Radisson Blu Royal Hotel Dublin
 +Website: https://python.ie/pycon-2015/
 +Tickets: €40 (preliminary)
============================================

 PyCon is the largest annual gathering of the Irish Python community.
 The conference will bring together Irish talent and world class
 leaders in the Python community for a fun, informative and friendly
 event. Saturday and Sunday will consist of talks, tutorials,
 workshops, open-spaces and sprints.

 We are hoping to organise a group to attend PyCon, so please get in
 touch with the committee if you're interested in attending.
 You can email events at redbrick.dcu.ie or get in touch on IRC.

That's all for now folks.
We hope to see as many of you as possible at events throughout the year.

Don't forget to keep an eye on our social media pages and our Calendar:
    - Twitter:  @RedbrickDCU
    - Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/dcuredbrick
    - Snapchat: RedbrickDCU
    - Calendar: http://tinyurl.com/redbrickCalendar

On behalf of the Committee 2015/'16

Richard Walsh
koffee at redbrick
SysAdmin


