---
title: 'Welcome to Redbrick - Intro to Redbrick | Bug Bounties | Games Consoles and much more'
date: '2015-09-30'
author: koffee
banner: introToRedbrick.png
tags:
  - egm
  - pycon
  - google
  - maK
  - talks
  - associates
---

Hey Everyone

A huge welcome to all of our new members this year!
We hope Redbrick becomes a big part of what will be a great experience
here in DCU.

For all of the freshers that have joined us, we hope your first week
of University has been fun, and that you've gone to at least a few of
your lectures.

And now, down to business, the Agenda for the upcoming weeks is as follows:

- Intro to Redbrick
- Sign Up for Google OpenHouse
- Pycon 2015
- "Bug Bounties: Cén scéal?"
- EGM

 <!-- more -->

## Intro to Redbrick

 - Date: Wed 30/09/2015.
 - Time: 2pm
 - Location: LG25 (Computing Building, Ground Floor labs)

The Helpdesk team will be taking a whistle stop tour of Redbrick services.
Most of the committee will be introducing themselves to you and
outlining the plans for the coming year.
We'll talk about events we're excited about like TechWeek and our
annual FOSDEM trip;
But we'd also love to hear your ideas of projects that might interest
you and others.

Bring along friends if you think they should be there, if they're not
members yet they can join up there and then.

Come and shape the societies events for the year to come.

## "Bug Bounties - Cén scéal?"

 - Speaker: Ciarán McNally (https://securit.ie)
 - Date: Tuesday 06/10/15.
 - Time: 17:00
 - Location: CG03 (Henry Grattan Building)

Newly appointed application security engineer at bugcrowd, independent
security consultant, former
Redbrick admin and general security badass  Ciarán McNally is coming
to talk about bug bounties.

What are they? Why should you do them?
Bug bounties provide an excellent opportunity to sharpen your pentesting skills.
maK's talk will give tips and insights into getting started with Bug Bounties.
Ciaran will share creative but effective attack methodologies,
real-world examples and tooling advice.

For more info on Ciarán's consultancy check out https://securit.ie

## Data Science at AIB
~~followed by~~
## Helpdesk Talk: How to build a MAME Console

 - Date: Wednesday 07/10/2015.
 - Time: 14:00 - 17:00
 - Location: LG25

AIB will be talking about the applications of data analytics and how
information is collected and
processed. The talk will be focused on the technologies that the Data
Innovation team at AIB use
daily.

This talk will also give us some information on the upcoming DataHack
event which consists of a 'Hackathon' and 'Datathon' on the 7th
November there are promises of fantastic prizes as well.

This presentation will be followed by a practical workshop by Cian
(butlerx) and Cormac (pints).
The lads will be talking about MAME Consoles (http://min.ie/263c2csJ).
Want to turn a Raspberry Pi into a games console?
Come along and find out how!

## Register for Google OpenHouse 2015

 - Date: Friday 09/10/2015.
 - Time: 9am
 - Location: https://goo.gl/IMXW6q

Event: https://events.withgoogle.com/google-tech-ireland-open-house-2015/

Redbrick went along to the Google Open house event last year, it was a
huge success.
We met other computing societies and like minded people and learned
a lot about Engineering at Google as well as learning CV tips and about the
various bursaries and programs Google Run.

The Open House is aimed at 1st and 2nd Years primarily.
The Event itself is on Friday 6/11/2015 from 14:00 - 19:00.
It will be held in Gordon House on Barrow St. http://min.ie/KVdSLW9i

## EGM

 - When: Wednesday 14/10/15.
 - Time: 2pm
 - Where: Room TBC.

 It's that time of year again where we look to expand our ranks of the
 committee. You'll have a say in the day to day running of the society.

 Committee positions available
  - Secretary
  - Events officer
  - First Year Rep

If you want any information on the role or have questions email
committee at redbrick.dcu.ie

## PyCon

 - Date: Sat&Sun 24/10 - 25/10/2015.
 - Location: Radisson Blu Royal Hotel Dublin
 - Website: https://python.ie/pycon-2015/
 - Tickets: €40 (preliminary)

PyCon is the largest annual gathering of the Irish Python community.
The conference will bring together Irish talent and world class
leaders in the Python community for a fun, informative and friendly
event. Saturday and Sunday will consist of talks, tutorials,
workshops, open-spaces and sprints.

We are hoping to organise a group to attend PyCon, so please get in
touch with the committee if you're interested in attending.
You can email events at redbrick.dcu.ie or get in touch on IRC.



That's all for now folks.
We hope to see as many of you as possible at events throughout the year.

Don't forget to keep an eye on our social media pages and our Calendar:
 - Twitter:  @RedbrickDCU
 - Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/dcuredbrick
 - Snapchat: RedbrickDCU
 - Calendar: http://tinyurl.com/redbrickCalendar

On behalf of those wonderful people on committee

<3
Richard Walsh
koffee at redbrick
SysAdmin
