---
title: 'Week 21: Being an Embedded Software Engineer |	AGM | Table Quiz!'
date: '2016-03-28'
author: cac
tags:
---

Hi all,

O how I have missed thee; the glint of your sharp reading eyes, the
disappointed sigh as you see my jokes, the swear words you mutter as you
delete my eagerly-written message. You may have noticed that there was no
announce last week; as you know, Redbrick aren't very good with any of
that computer business, and our mailing list interface was down. But alas,
my love, it works now, and just in time for one of the most exciting weeks
of the year! Here's what's on this week:

 - Being: An Embedded Software Engineer - Wednesday 30/03 - C166 - 3pm
 - Redbrick AGM - Thursday 31/03 - QG21 - 5.30pm
 - Annual Table Quiz - Thursday 31/03 - Nubar - 7pm



## Being: An Embedded Software Engineer
 - Date: Wednesday 30/03
 - Time: 3pm
 - Location: C166
 - More info: https://www.facebook.com/events/1573499596309955/
 - Sign up: http://events.redbrick.dcu.ie/intel/

Real life Intel embedded software engineers are coming to DCU! They work
developing a hardware abstraction layer for Intel Quark based
microcontroller products, and will be providing an insight into what is
involved in being an embedded software engineer. There will also be a talk
from an Intel Ireland Quark Solutions Division hiring representative about
career opportunities for graduates. Finally, get pumped for the workshop,
including some hands on experience programming an Intel® Quark™ D2000
Microcontroller.

If you want to know what the IoT is, or get excited at the thought of
embedding some systems, then you'll enjoy this event as much as I enjoy a
good Easter omelette.



## Redbrick AGM
 - Date: Thursday 31/03
 - Time: 5.30pm
 - Location: QG21
 - More info: https://www.facebook.com/events/1050611171676971/

The Redbrick throne is up for grabs! On Thursday the 31st, your chance
will come to kill off the old committee, and replace it with a newer,
shinier model. Are you dissatisfied with the comfiness of the chair? Are
you upset about the legs on the helpdesk? Do you (*gasp*) dislike the
announces of the tearful secretary? Now is the time to put yourself
forward, and leap onto the stage of the Redbrick theatre. Anyone can stand
for a committee position, no matter how much they like Windows, and we'll
welcome them with open arms. We swear. If you want to run for the
positions of helpdesk, admin, or webmaster, please email us in advance so
we can prepare the exams and sharpen our knives.



## Annual Table Quiz
 - Date: Thursday 31/03
 - Time: 7pm
 - Location: Nubar
 - More info: https://www.facebook.com/events/1063804460327814/

After the power struggles and family feuds of the AGM, we'll all come
together as friends (and maybe more <3) at the infamous Redbrick quiz, at
6.30pm. There will be great prizes on offer, including a free holiday
(*applause*), an exclusive tshirt (*wow*), and a free meal at everyone's
favourite burger vendor (*reader goes wild*). There will be a lineup of
stellar questions from questionable people, and even a picture round for
any competitors who can't read, so make sure you grab your awkward
neighbours and enter a team!



## Redbrick 20th Birthday
 - Date: Saturday 09/04
 - Time: 7pm
 - Location: Opium Cafe, Wexford Street, Dublin
 - More info: http://birthday.redbrick.dcu.ie/

Get your alibi ready, because the 20th birthday of your favourite
networking society is around the corner, and it's going to be as slick as
a sweaty sysadmin! On the 9th of April, meet the Redbrick veterans that
aren't behind bars, party with two decades of dodgy admins, and find your
true love! Help us in taking the piddle of the mistakes and crying about
the successes of the past two decades of networking glory. The party to
end all parties approaches, join us in making it as memorable as the past
20 years have been! Sign up at the link above to reserve a piece of
birthday cake!

If you would like to record a few seconds sharing memories about Redbrick,
or would like to bash Redbrick on video, get in touch! We can record you,
or you can make a recording yourself and throw it our way. Video or audio
is fine, and we'd very much appreciate anything you want to say.



Don't forget to go on an Easter egg hunt on our calendar and social media
pages:
 - Twitter: @RedbrickDCU
 - Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/dcuredbrick
 - Snapchat: RedbrickDCU
 - Calendar: http://tinyurl.com/redbrickCalendar



Best regards from myself and the rest of the Redbrick committee,

Noah Donnelly (~cac)
1st Year Computational Problem Solving & Software Development
Redbrick Secretary 2015/16


