---
title: 'Week 19: Bash Scripting'
date: '2016-03-14'
author: cac
banner: bash.jpg
tags:
 - bash
 - helpdesk
 - birthday
 - irlcpc
---
Hey all,

The leprechauns are frolicking in the meadows, and the warm Spring sun is
bothering people in other countries. That means that this week is the
perfect week for more Redbrick networking wizardry! Helpdesk is going to
be dishing out the deets on console scripting in Linux, so make sure you
appear if you want to learn how to make your hard drive eject automatically
every sixteen minutes while your speakers beep in Morse code.

 <!-- more -->

## Helpdesk: Bash Scripting
 - Date: Wednesday 16/03
 - Time: 2pm
 - Location: LG26
 - More info: https://www.facebook.com/events/483410278526920/

Have you seen the cool kids who have those .sh files littering up their
repositories? Are you jealous of the h4ck3rs automating their builds and
making their computers obey their every whim? Maybe scripting is for you.
Helpdesk is going to teach the ups and downs and ins and outs of bash
scripting, so you can be the hacker you dream to be. If you ask nicely,
they might also teach you how to make your console text green and your
background black.

## Irish Collegiate Programming Contest (IrlCPC)
 - Date: Saturday 02/04
 - Time: 9.30am - 6.30pm
 - Location: University College Cork
 - More info: http://acm.ucc.ie/irlcpc

Your university needs YOU to write some algorithms and mash on a keyboard!
If you want to take your programming to the next level, then this is the
event for you. The IrlCPC is a programming competition hosted by the UCC
ACM Student Chapter and is the place to be to meet the who's who of the
Irish programming red carpet. Teams of 3 ready for the event need to
register before the 16th of March (this Wednesday).

Redbrick will be sending a contingent, and will be paying some of the
costs involved! The extent of the funding will depend on numbers; if
you're interested in competing, then email your friendly neighbourhood
Redbrick committee. There are limited spaces however, so get your name in
quick if you want to show off your sick programming skillz!

## Redbrick 20th Birthday
 - Date: 09/04
 - Location: Opium Cafe, Wexford Street, Dublin
 - More info: http://birthday.redbrick.dcu.ie/

Get your airhorns ready and your finger guns poised! The 20th birthday of
your favourite networking society is around the corner! On the 9th of
April, meet the Redbrick veterans that aren't behind bars, party with two
decades of dodgy admins, and find your true love! Help us in taking the
piddle of the mistakes and crying about the successes of the past two
decades of networking glory. The party to end all parties approaches, join
us in making it as memorable as the past 20 years have been! Sign up at
the link above to reserve a piece of birthday cake!

Don't forget to write a birthday card to our calendar and social media pages:
  - Twitter: @RedbrickDCU
  - Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/dcuredbrick
  - Snapchat: RedbrickDCU
  - Calendar: http://tinyurl.com/redbrickCalendar



Best regards from myself and the rest of the Redbrick committee,

Noah Donnelly (~cac)
1st Year Computational Problem Solving & Software Development
Redbrick Secretary 2015/16
