---
title: {{ title }}
date: {{ date }}
author:
thumbnail: {{ title }}.png
banner: {{ title }}.png
tags:
---

Howdy,

Summer is reaching its close- it's time to break up with the sun, and
rebound with Redbrick, DCU's favourite networking society! I'd like to
give our new members a warm welcome, and our returning members a grudging
acknowledgement.

While watching DCU be torn apart one building at a time is entertaining,
we have some even more exciting things going on in Redbrick in the coming
days:

+Intro to Redbrick - Wednesday 05/10 - 3pm - LG25
+EGM - Wednesday 12/10 - 3pm


==========================================
Intro to Redbrick
+Date: Wednesday 05/10/16
+Time: 3pm
+Location: LG25
+More info: https://facebook.com/events/1788596538064082
==========================================
Redbrick by name sounds like an architectural society, so why do we keep
hanging around computers? Join us on Wednesday to find out why Redbrick
doesn't design buildings, hear our plans for the year, learn some of our
long and sexy history, and ask what exactly Redbrick will do for you.


==========================================
EGM (and pizza)
+Date: Wednesday 12/10/16
+Time: 3pm
+More info: https://facebook.com/events/1779386902315301
==========================================
In 10 days time (and not this week, as the crafty SU will lead you to
believe), you'll have your chance to get thrown in the deep end! At the
Redbrick EGM you will get to vote on who will take the committee positions
of Secretary, Webmaster, Helpdesk, Admin, Public Relations Officer, First
Year Rep, and Cross-Campus Liaison Officer. We will also supply you with
pizza- because you're worth it.

If you want to be involved in DCU's most active and attractive society,
send us an email with which of the above positions you'd like to run for.
You'll need to do an exam beforehand for the positions of Webmaster,
Helpdesk, and Admin, to make sure you're sufficiently incompetent for the
job. Don't be shy, apply!



Make sure to stay up past your bedtime to check out our social pages:
   - Twitter:  @RedbrickDCU
   - Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/dcuredbrick
   - Snapchat: RedbrickDCU
   - Calendar: http://tinyurl.com/redbrickCalendar

Resignations and salutations from myself and the whole committee,

Noah O Donnaile (cac)
2nd Year Computational Problem Solving & Software Development
Redbrick Chair 2016/17
Teen heartthrob



